[WIP] otelecho: config option to skip global error handler call (#4420)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Add the new `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrgen` package to provide auto-generated source code instrumentation. (#3068, #3108)

### Changed

> - **BC break** `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/labstack/echo/otelecho` remove calling global error handler (#4419, #4420)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove call to global error handler in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/labstack/echo/otelecho` (#4420)
```

- Upgrade dependencies of OpenTelemetry Go to use the new [`v1.21.0`/`v0.44.0` release](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go/releases/tag/v1.21.0). (#4582)

### Changed

> - Remove call to global error handler in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/labstack/echo/otelecho` (#4420)

Reviewer: This is also improperly placed in the changelog. It needs to be in the `unreleased` section.
